1.Who developed Python Programming Language?  -> A dutch programmer named Guido van Rossum
2. Which type of Programming does Python support? -> Python supports object-oriented,structured and functional programming
3. Is Python case sensitive when dealing with identifiers?  ->Yes, Identifiers are case sensitive
4. What is the correct extension of the Python file? -> (.py) extension is the correct format
5. Is Python code compiled or interpreted? -> As python is an interpreted language python code is interpreted
6. Name a few blocks of code used to define in Python language? ->a module, a function body, and a class definition
7. State a character used to give single-line comments in Python? -> The character is '#'
8. Mention functions which can help us to find the version of python that we are currently working on? -> The function (sys.version) can be used to do so
9. Python supports the creation of anonymous functions at runtime, using a construct called ->  Lambda
10. What does pip stand for python? -> 'pip' stands for preferred installer language
11. Mention a few built-in functions in python? -> Some built-in functions are: print(),max(),abs(),pow(),input(),len(),id()
12. What is the maximum possible length of an identifier in Python? -> It's 79 characters
13. What are the benefits of using Python? -> There are numerous benifits of using python.Among them let me state few:
                                                                                          (i)It's quite easy to learn and use.
                                                                                          (ii)As it's widely used in world , we get a strong community to discuss technology
                                                                                          (iii)It contains around 1lakh of libraries which contains numerous pre-built functions which makes our programing experience smooth
                                                                                          (iv)Due to it's versatile nature and thousands of libraries it proves itself worthy for Big data, Machine Learning and Cloud Computing
14. How is memory managed in Python? ->A private heap comprising all Python objects and data structures is used for memory management.
15. How to install Python on Windows and set path variables? -> (i)Right-clicking This PC and going to Properties.
                                                                (ii)Clicking on the Advanced system settings in the menu on the left.
                                                                (iii)Clicking on the Environment Variables button on the bottom right.
                                                                (iv)In the System variables section, selecting the Path variable and clicking on Edit. The next screen will show all the directories that are currently a part of the PATH variable.
                                                                (v)Clicking on New and entering Python’s install directory.






16.16. Is indentation required in python?-> Indnentation is a crucial part of python.Python requires indentation to define blocks of statements. A block of code must have an even distribution of spaces.
